Document upcoming changes to threads permissions (#3672)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Updated Thread Permissions

#### September 7th, 2021 (most likely)

Thread permissions are being updated and simplified:

- "Use Public Threads" is becoming "Create Public Threads", which will allow users to create threads in a channel, even if they cannot send messages in that channel
- "Use Private Threads" is becoming "Create Private Threads", which will allow users to create threads in a channel, even if they cannot send messages in that channel

> A new permissions is also being added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new permission is also being added:
```

> - "Send Messages in Threads", which will allow users to send a message in a thread. The "Send Messages" permission will have no affect in threads, users **must** have "Send Messages in Threads" to send a message in a thread. This allows for setups where a user can participate in a thread, but cannot send a message in a channel (like a thread off an announcement post).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Send Messages in Threads", which will allow users to send a message in a thread. The "Send Messages" permission will have no effect in threads, users **must** have "Send Messages in Threads" to send a message in a thread. This allows for setups where a user can participate in a thread, but cannot send a message in the parent channel (like a thread off an announcement post).
```

> - "Send Messages in Threads", which will allow users to send a message in a thread. The "Send Messages" permission will have no effect in threads, users **must** have "Send Messages in Threads" to send a message in a thread. This allows for setups where a user can participate in a thread, but cannot send a message in the parent channel (like a thread off an announcement post).

Reviewer 3: If a user has permission to create public threads, but not send messages in threads, would they still be able to create a thread?

Author: Yup!
From the changelog:
> - "Use Public Threads" is becoming "Create Public Threads", which will allow users to create threads in a channel, even if they cannot send messages in that channel

Reviewer 3: Ah! Reading is hard 😢 Thank you.

Reviewer 3: So they'd only be able to create a thread, but not sent messages in the thread after they create it?

Author: You could configure it that way if you wanted. idk why you would. But you could :)
There's a separate permission for sending in threads, "send messages in threads", so I would suspect most places would grant _both_ of those

It's similar to how you can have manage messages, but not send messages. It's _weird_, but also much simpler this way.

Reviewer 3: Gotcha. So the option to create a thread with a starter message would not be possible, as that would still require sending a message in the thread?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10660608/130146335-c492a43c-5443-46c9-92f5-27a855b6071a.png)

Author: Both will still work
It's true it lets you send a message, but I'd argue that is part of the "act of creating a thread", so still covered by the Create Threads bit

Reviewer 3: Perfect, thank you for clarifying all this!
